README.md, before:

# timecard

Calculates how much time was spent on various activities throughout the day.

# Building
Requires CMake 3.14 and a C++14-compliant compiler.
1. Clone repository
1. `$ cd timecard`
1. `$ mkdir build`
1. `$ cd build`
1. `$ cmake ../`
1. `$ cmake --build .`

# Installation
Installation follows CMake convention. An executable called `timecard` will be installed to `/usr/local/bin`.
1. `$ cd build`
1. `$ sudo make install`

# Usage
```
$ timecard <time1> <label1> <time2> <label2> <timeN> <labelN> <timeN+1>...
```

Starting with the time the first activity started, list all times that activities changed along with the activities that occurred between those times. If you spent 8:00am to 10:00am gardening then 10:00am to 11:00am reading, the arguments would look like this:

```
$ timecard 800am gardening 1000am reading 1100am
```

and you should expect to see the following returned in the console:

```
gardening: 2.0 hours
reading: 1.0 hours
```

If multiple chunks of time were spent on one activity, then include the additional chunks using the same label. Expanding on our previous example, lets add two more chunks for eating lunch and reading some more.

```
$ timecard 800am gardening 1000am reading 1100am lunch 1230pm reading 200pm
```

This yields:

```
gardening: 2.0 hours
lunch: 1.5 hours
reading: 2.5 hours
```

Because the label `reading` appeared twice, its two durations were accumulated. This will be done for any labels which appear more than once.

# Testing

1. `$ cd build`
1. `$ make test`

Commit message:

Added info on how to ignore periods

README.md, after:

# timecard

Calculates how much time was spent on various activities throughout the day.

# Building
Requires CMake 3.14 and a C++14-compliant compiler.
1. Clone repository
1. `$ cd timecard`
1. `$ mkdir build`
1. `$ cd build`
1. `$ cmake ../`
1. `$ cmake --build .`

# Installation
Installation follows CMake convention. An executable called `timecard` will be installed to `/usr/local/bin`.
1. `$ cd build`
1. `$ sudo make install`

# Usage
```
$ timecard <time1> <label1> <time2> <label2> <timeN> <labelN> <timeN+1>...
```

Starting with the time the first activity started, list all times that activities changed along with the activities that occurred between those times. If you spent 8:00am to 10:00am gardening then 10:00am to 11:00am reading, the arguments would look like this:

```
$ timecard 800am gardening 1000am reading 1100am
```

and you should expect to see the following returned in the console:

```
gardening: 2.0 hours
reading: 1.0 hours
```

If multiple chunks of time were spent on one activity, then include the additional chunks using the same label. Expanding on our previous example, lets add two more chunks for eating lunch and reading some more.

```
$ timecard 800am gardening 1000am reading 1100am lunch 1230pm reading 200pm
```

This yields:

```
gardening: 2.0 hours
lunch: 1.5 hours
reading: 2.5 hours
```

Because the label `reading` appeared twice, its two durations were accumulated. This will be done for any labels which appear more than once.

To ignore certain periods of time so that they're not reported, name them `-`. This will exclude them from the printed totals. Here's what that looks like.

```
$ timecard 800am gardening 1000am reading 1100am lunch 1230pm reading 200pm - 900pm reading 1000pm
gardening: 2.0 hours
lunch: 1.5 hours
reading: 3.5 hours
```

# Testing

1. `$ cd build`
1. `$ make test`
